This  directory  contains  drivers  for testing  a  few  routines  for
computing eigenvalues of a sparse (symmetric real) matrix pair (A, B),
where B is assumed to be positive definite.

All drivers read the matrices A and B in matrix market format from a file
(matfile) -- see below for details. There are 4 drivers provided.


MMsimple.c A stripped down driver. Requires  no direct solves, and only requires
      the matrix (info entered in driver) and number of eigenvalues (61 in NM1A,
      the  default)  to  be  run.   Run as  ./MMsimple.ex.  Maintains  the  same
      structure  as the  other drivers  for easy  interoperability, while  still
      being composed of not-overly-complex code.

MMPLanN.c Pol. filtering Lanczos algorithm with no restarts
	  uses Lanczos for slicing. 
 	 
       ** Note:  this driver  tests  the case  when all  operations  with B  are
       performed  by  a  polynomial  approximation  -  so  no  factorization  is
       required.

MMPLanR.c Pol. filtering Lanczos algorithm with restarts
	  uses KPM for slicing

MMRLanN.c Rational filtering Lanczos algorithm with no restarts
	  uses Lanczos for slicing

MMRLanR.c Rational filtering Lanczos algorithm with no restarts
	  uses KPM for slicing

Drivers  that use  alternate spectrum  slicing for  each of  the above
drivers are  included in the  EXTRAS sub-directory. These  can replace
the corresponding  ones provided above if  the user wants to  test say
KPM vs. Lanczos for spectrum  slicing (e.g., KPM_MMRLanN.c will is the
same as MMRLanN.c above except that it uses KPM instead of Lanczos for
spectrum slicing).


matfile : input file containing the path to the matrix to be read by Gen*.c
          - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
	  1                                                 %% number of matrices
          MatrixFile_A  MatrixFile_B MatrixName_A MatrixName_B  MatrixFormat  a  b  nslices
          MatrixFormat: coordinate format (matrix market format)
            MM0: matrix format indexing starts at 0 
            MM1: matrix format indexing starts at 1
          a, b : interval [a, b] of interest
          nslices: number of slices for spectrum slicing
          Example:
          /MATRICES/A.mtx /MATRICES/B.mtx stiff1 mass1 MM1  28.617629  1746.952 2
          - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

The computed eigenvalues are saved in the OUT/ folder. 
